What is a coronavirus?
The coronavirus family causes illnesses ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as severe acute respiratory syndrome SARS and Middle East respiratory syndrome MERS, according to the WHO.

They circulate in animals and some can be transmitted between animals and humans. Several coronaviruses are circulating in animals that have not yet infected humans.

The new coronavirus, the seventh known to affect humans,

MORE ON HEALTH
Peru COVID-19 outbreak: Health workers demand more protection
last week
Grim India record with 2,000 dead in a day: Live updates
last week
Chile sees spike in COVID-19 deaths as lockdown falters
last week
Beijing shuts schools over new coronavirus outbreak: Live updates
last week
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the new coronavirus outbreak, which originated in Wuhan, China, a pandemic. 

As of June 25, the global death toll surpassed 482,000 amid more than 9.4 million cases. Over 4.7 million people have recovered from the disease worldwide, according to the data collected by the Johns Hopkins University in the United States.

More:
Coronavirus: All you need to know about the symptoms and risks
How does coronavirus spread and how can you protect yourself?
Coronavirus: Which countries have confirmed new cases?
Here is what you need to know:

What is a coronavirus?
The coronavirus family causes illnesses ranging from the common cold to more severe diseases such as severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), according to the WHO.

They circulate in animals and some can be transmitted between animals and humans. Several coronaviruses are circulating in animals that have not yet infected humans.

The new coronavirus, the seventh known to affect humans, has been named COVID-19.


Coronavirus: Italy to close all schools and universities (2:19)

What are the symptoms?
Common signs of infection include fever, coughing and breathing difficulties. In severe cases, it can cause pneumonia, multiple organ failure and death.
The WHO recommends basic hygiene such as regularly washing hands with soap and water, and covering your mouth with your elbow when sneezing or coughing.